= Parameter RMB Menu =

"""Additions to the network editor menu."""

This page describes the qLib menu items for the parameter RMB (right-click) menu.

NOTE:
    All provided items are marked with a `[qL]` label postfix
    to be easily identifiable. This can be useful in a production
    environment with potentially heavily customized menu sets.

The following is a list of all parameter menu items. Note that these are parameter
type sensitive, so only a subset of these is usually visible, depending on the
parameter type. (We include the corresponding types in each description.)


Toggle Absolute/Relative OP Path(s) (qL):
    Switches between absolute and relative representation of a node path.
    (E.g. "../../geo1" could become "/obj/geo1" and vice versa.)

    NOTE:
        This also expands expressions and/or environment variables.

Switch Spaces/Newlines (qL):
    For string parameters with space-separated names, replaces spaces with newlines
    or vice versa (if names are currently separated by newlines).

    This is useful to get a more readable list when opening a string parameter using
    the multi-line parameter expression editor (Expression -> Edit String).

More (qL):
    :box:
        Set as Playback Start Frame / End Frame / Frame Range:
            If the parameter is a frame number (integer and has "frame" in the name) or looks like
            a frame range (integer or float and more than one components), these can set the frame
            or range according to the value.

        Open as Path in File Browser...:
            If the parameter is a filesystem path, opens the path in the OS default file browser.

        Open in MPlay...:
            Open an image or image sequence in the mplay viewer.

        Select/Add Target Node(s):
            If the string parameter refers to another node, adds the specified node to the current selection.

        Expand Target Node Path Wildcards:
            Replaces a wildcard-based node pattern to its expanded node list
            (e.g. /obj/geo* will become "/obj/geo1 /obj/geo2" if you have those nodes in the scene.)

        Copy All Parm Values to Clipboard:
            Copies all values of the same parameter from multiple selected nodes to the clipboard
            as a newline-separated string.

        (subnet): Parent Network, Input #1-4 (0-3):
            Sets an expression that will give the node path connected to the container node's n-th input
            (`opinputpath("..", n)`). Useful for nodes in DOP networks that don't have the convenience "n-th input"
            option.

        Add Value/Multiplier to Parameter:
            For a numeric (float) type parameter it creates a value ("v") + multiplier ("%") parameter pair,
            and sets up an expression on the original parameter.

            This is useful for driving particle emission amount or scatter density values with an
            amount + percentage combination.

        Add Value/Multiplier + Exponent:
            Same as the above function, but also provides an exponent value for the 0..1 multiplier.

            This is useful for scenarios where linear 0..1 values don't scale "visually" linearly, e.g. a surface
            scatter density animation, where an exponent of 2 gives more "visually linear" changes.

        Set Ramp To:
            For ramp parameters, it sets the interpolation of all ramp points to the chosen type.

            NOTE:
                Obsoleted by H20 (ramp control has an icon for this from that version).

Reference Upstream Parm (qL):
    Gives a list of upstream string parameters to link to. This is useful to quickly establish expression-based relationships
    between nodes, rather than using hardcoded names, e.g. instead of typing in group names, linking to the group name attribute
    of an upstream node.
